Accessibility Test Suite

=============================================================================


The accessibility test suite is a python module for logging information about
what accessibility features an application supports through the use of ATK,
and a suite of scripts using that module, to scan applications for analysis.

Some of these scripts may be incomplete. Some of these scripts may require
being run as a user without prior configuration of the application. Some of
these scripts may be for distribution specific applications.

The scripts must be run in an environment with the locale set to en_US.UTF-8.
You can do this with the following command, in the terminal where you wish to
run the scripts:

$ export LANG=en_US.UTF-8


When run, the scripts will launch the appropriate application with the
accessibility features enabled for that application only, if you do not have
accessibility enabled for your entire desktop. The scripts will log output
to an HTML file within the current working directory, with the same name as
the application. For example, evolution.py will output evolution.html in the
current directory.

While the script is running, try to avoid clicking the mouse, or entering
text into the application. Doing so may interrupt the flow of the test, and
cause erroneous data, or the script to fail and exit. When the script has
completed its run through the application, it will close the application as
well. However, in some cases, the application may not provide a File->Quit
menu item, or Close dialog button, and the script may not have an accessible
method to close the application. This will result in the application staying
open after the test has completed. If the test fails for some reason, causing
the script to exit, the application will also continue to stay open. In some
cases a File->Quit menu item may exist in the application, but may not be
accessible through the ATK accessibility framework.
